Things to change 

1.Add things like new product in their categories, most bought ones on the landing page and also fresh sales things like learn how e-commerce sites works like alibaba
kikuu and others , add filters also on the products page in the customer part so that the user can be able to filter out things easily for him / her

2.Add more sections on the landing page with things like feedbacks and other useful things like events some kinda of banners saying flash sales things like that 
that are also functional to attract users also and with their respective images

3. On bouquet builder use real and available models that will work well using this as reference search more about it https://www.bridalbouquetbuilder.com/ to know
how bouquet builder works and how they are visible on the other section

4. Change the toast to use white and black or other system colors not that green and make the error one also not that dark but light 
5. On admin dashboard if money and also all over the system if the money reaches to 1,000 change it to 1k and when it reaches to 1000k change it to 1M

6. On orders on status to deliver don't click the button just find a way to make it so that it is well designed 

7. Find another option to replace stripe that is easy for testing purposes only that is easy to use and test and read it's api documentation
8. Remove this Atelier Admin in the footer 
9. The overlay on login and register on their images you can darken it somehow and also on register and logging in add an eye to show password and 
also in the changing password the user must put the current password and also change it on their also add an eye so that the user can see the new 
passwords and repeating them 

10. On products card add addtocart button and other useful things like flash sales, discounts, new codes and other things like that and also to be visible
as banners on the landing page 

11. Add our social media icons all of them with their respective icons 

12. While Selecting scheduled on on delivery on checkout choosing a date isn't working and set a reminder when the time is going to reach that date like
before 1 day and also before like 5hrs before 


